Ah!
Tropical Steel
Ask the dead man to save me
What the hell are you talking about?
I don't know you at all
Someone get out
order
Welcome heroes
Participate in our Xiao family's martial arts recruitment
Let's see which hero can defeat the heroes today
Will you win?
Little daughter Jiaoyue
Then you can become the son-in-law of our Xiao family
There is another great news today.
That is the five emperors and five pools, two adults.
Exactly next week.
I also extend an invitation to two adults
They have promised to attend the competition to recruit relatives
And create teachers for our Xiao family
Hahahaha
What? Did I hear you right?
Five Emperors and Five Teachers
The two on the platform of the five gods
I always thought it was a legend
I didn't expect it to be true
I didn't expect today.
There is also such a demeanor that you can see the five emperors and five teachers
Congratulations to Sect Master Xiao
The Xiao family will definitely meet this matter
Become the head of the three major families
Now this competition recruits parents to such specifications
I think Sect Master Xiao should show the venue more
To expel some adult snakes
So as not to give it to the Xiao family
Get into trouble